Discord because why not: https://discord.gg/bGRPKNkZxh


It's Tokyo
https://youtu.be/72nap9e6DyQ

It's Tokyo Miku Version
https://youtu.be/s0H70aqeePw

I want to be invisible
https://youtu.be/1yHIfMX3-Bg

endings
https://youtu.be/D-u49g4EOsM

nuts
https://youtu.be/IbF9AOcLVLk

like an idiot
https://youtu.be/LnSZ_er6Lvk

like an idiot miku version
https://youtu.be/cPD1Nr25RZE

instant death
https://youtu.be/iTpjocY42ag

Underground 
https://youtu.be/rGK5qRZ2aKE

I just want to be loved
https://youtu.be/2tRRZ1qTcv0

By my side
https://youtu.be/YvXnAG93-3w

blueberry jam
https://youtu.be/1joRkJguEeg

life with a big dog 
https://youtu.be/ihTFNauZSfA

lepido
https://youtu.be/BkkgFm2D_kY

prayer
https://youtu.be/eIzKzbp0maQ

maybe in navy blue
https://youtu.be/5Ia04bHCDC8

Summer, 29 yamanote line
https://youtu.be/kW2Hg6oG7LU

Seikatsu
https://youtu.be/T4I6o_13uyk

I loved you
https://youtu.be/4HcP96RWuP0

creer
https://youtu.be/wbZtCGABfiE

lapis lazuli
https://youtu.be/Jc7oAGBQXXY

fibber
https://youtu.be/WUTcw_SfVAY

Culling!
https://youtu.be/CLAYLatSvrM

farewell waltz (delisted version)
https://youtu.be/rmfETqqAh4w

farewell waltz
https://youtu.be/LvS-OIDRs7U

probably! (unlisted)
https://youtu.be/YSNVJ7wb1CI

probably!
https://youtu.be/MJJPSTpag_4

goodbye, wonderland
https://youtu.be/5LC7aiss1EA

dogmatil
https://youtu.be/aTb-PCBcnTI

watashi
https://youtu.be/A8veiN7YfNY

blueberry jam hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/Khk8FIGIaYg

prayer hatsune miku 
https://youtu.be/A-0KtFNMmcI

life with a big dog hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/4u7jEJx85EQ

lepido hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/xm6BmNenFuo

fibber hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/5MSZUKxxI8A

lapis lazuli hatsune miku 
https://youtu.be/X9lnfHNR-pI

creer hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/5lOHd7KCbvQ

farewell waltz hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/ozb71VhCNck

Satellite
(idk where link but it exists)

The dream continues
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C6ygQQyvdjd/?igsh=MTR4aDc5cGhpanFlcg==

Ghost
https://youtube.com/shorts/n6I94kR2p_g

Magic
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C3C6SEevrYe/?igsh=MW11YzQ2MXAycGk3dw==

IceCandy
https://youtube.com/shorts/OJANHuWB3Fo

By my side (unfinished) 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/DCywtwMPIcU/?igsh=MXQxajB5aWNwY2JhcA==

Combustibles, Love
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C3KqKAvPU8j/?igsh=NHRyNDd6Nzl3MzFo

Question 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C9muhmRPPLZ/?igsh=MWowMTd2YXN0cGptMg==

Addiction 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/DA8crOHPyex/?igsh=Nm5vOWI5em03eXR
(addict old version)
https://www.instagram.com/reel/Czvtz_Evs2v/?igsh=MXJndmM4OWwzZDEyeg==

Throng
 https://www.instagram.com/reel/DAVtIENPTmp/?igsh=MWFidHc2MWJudTk4OQ==

Marika
 https://www.instagram.com/reel/C_8DawgvJ9z/?igsh=Z3ZibDlnbmhhN2Y=

Escape
https://youtube.com/shorts/wu34rBbaE8g

just want to be loved (unfinisbed i dont want to be loved)
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C-ctDCCvLw7/?igsh=ZXdnMWVhNXBkdzd5

The conclusion
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C9kJkMhPn0N/?igsh=MXZ4MDZmdmJyOWh4Zg==

Bad End
https://youtube.com/shorts/6mNw6xOyi80

Sayonara
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C5N8LGgv2ML/?igsh=MWo5aTB1NmF2d284eQ==

kittehs
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C5LZrfuvHE4/?igsh=MWd5a3hteWpsMXp4aQ==

lonely night
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C5IviPZPYwD/?igsh=M3hxY2h5MnFwZ3k4

mayaioni aoikan
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C340Fc-PzQ6/?igsh=MW1vNzgyMjdoNHlsbw==

(Unfinished) farewell waltz
https://www.instagram.com/reel/C3FdFs5Pvh3/?igsh=MWJ2b2ZkenRxY3picw==

By my side (unfinished)
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CzQ-kbwvlOe/?igsh=NThicGg0NGxmZ2Rp

ketsumei
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CzI0y7ePMzP/?igsh=MXBtbXd0NzljaG9k

Zatsuto
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CzGeKFhvuV1/?igsh=MTdvMGNpa2EwZDFwZA==

nazonazo
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CynWPqRPbGl/?igsh=eTJ1OHRkdXNvdDN6

kiteretsu
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CykyudRPPQx/?igsh=MmYyZ3lwejNjcHZr

Ketsuetsu
https://youtube.com/shorts/85h_fcCZ4U0

Underground (unfinished)
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyQHvm0vr_2/?igsh=aHVoZm00N2NwMTcz

like an idiot (unfinished)
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyDVitSPaST/?igsh=MW5oaG1za3J5anF2Ng==

optimal solution
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CyA-k_-PomY/?igsh=ZnB0ZmVmaTExdHRx

Underground (even more unfinished)
https://youtube.com/shorts/GBoyvpTnOj4

(slightly different) https://www.instagram.com/reel/DMXbXdJPnhQ/?igsh=ZXBhYnVjdm92cDk3 

Dance Dance
https://youtube.com/shorts/9JZcpCei-v4

Lonely circus nights
https://youtube.com/shorts/R7CuDhHiTRQ

Mayoi Oni
https://youtube.com/shorts/fAmEYQTZEPM

probably! hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/bYBMUDTmX5M

instant death hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/GKqYj02PASs

Underground hatsune miku
https://youtu.be/loVNMBY7eXA

I just want to be loved miku version
https://youtu.be/vFdPkGV6brA

like an idiot remix
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNdmFbrP5/

like an idiot slowed
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZNdmK7aXQ/

Culling slowed
https://www.instagram.com/reel/DMaFI0hPDVC/?igsh=MTdjNGJxczY4YnVxeg==

Lapis Lazuli slowed
https://www.instagram.com/reel/DMxZNPGvOBw/?igsh=MW5vN2czdHc1ZGFtdQ==